They just came out, they just gave an exclusive
on Tele5, a very important news that
dismantles the entire defense and this new
strategy that Daniel Sancho's lawyers
wanted to do, what they are
trying or what they plan to
try is to have the entire
investigation annulled, everything that has been done up
until now, to be annulled because Daniel did
not have a translator at the time he
was doing the reconstruction,
confessing and all that stuff. Well, nothing
would be quite a pain in the ass and I
think that the thing is not stopping to
massage the balls of these people. I mean,
forgive me for the expression but they have it
a little bit up to their necks, a
journalist has been able to speak with the
Thai prosecutor's office and they confirmed that
no, that is not viable under any
circumstances because Daniel accepted an
English translator and everything he did, he
did with consent.